To complete this activity,
you'd need to understand that each of the vulnerabilities listed,
and how the context provided might impact them.
For example, in the context,
you can see that RDP is,
or at least should be disabled across the entire company through group policy,
which is a centralized way to manage security settings.
Now, vulnerability, CVE-2020-0609 is associated with RDP,
though it's been detected based on the context regarding the company.
This could be a false positive until before officially addressing it as such.
It's important to verify either yourself or with the technical team to determine if it is
truly a false positive or figure out why
it's alerting when the protocol isn't enabled within the company.
You may find it's an oversight in the tool,
or you may indeed find that RDP is not disabled, like you thought.